must I calm down a little on fafn
in haiti I have to calm down on
the horror games and I wanted to find
a thing what the fuck because it
long ago that I did not fill the
peace list be the fuck and I found
a parody of sonic point exe so that
nique for an exe it nique it nique
we're going to explain what
it's this mess what's this brothel of
shit so I wanted to everything for myself
loosen
I did something my what the fuck I
wanted but as for me
relax and this music she's not going to me
relax in June to move forward I am I
am a pack of whiskas we are at
easter and vices breaks why
why please ok I'm
fell there, I'm happy here it's
really nice thanks thank you very much
goodbye started at nice little music
rap 10 4 me in Cairo is available the best
are not the balls
I let myself be carried away by the song he
must I stop
hello hello it rings
no
ok it starts again like in sonic
points and xenon there several characters
in fact and that's really cool
look look at him to be cool on
welcome a hundred dogg snoop why not
with the small cap and or smoked quartz
of the beautiful would have smoked beuh
look at me this character
look at me this background in the background
cannabis leaves
and yes oh damn it's still here and there
oh oh oh damn no no no no no
we have to go not say if we so
please we have to die of
anyway we need means
otherwise we do bugger day has no
ok choice ok ok janyk
good we will deliver a first batch of
characters then ping has been kid at
ccl milk robotnik doctor
robotnik's a mix and everything is related everything
is bound hello watts ping this why
for which one is always obliged to kill
the people in the exe peas why he
why there is not an end an end
logic of an excel point please
miss kasma i did everything i did everything
to yom good eye in pre ice course
ok piszen it's really what the fuck
at valhalla I pulled the jackpot when
even we agree that I pulled a
fucking jackpot what is it
that the box to terrible augustin
landed terrible we kill cats with
packages of whiskas these gorgeous
who do it's beautiful love when
even one of the little nyan cat one eats
dogs with a pack of whiskas I love
I love it's pretty what the fuck edge
today I'm leaving
kind of asshole I tremble you I
tremble everywhere I get upset game
Kagame